[Music]
the original impulse behind the book was
recognition I've had that there are very
many people who don't really enjoy what
they do or perhaps even how they live
they don't enjoy the the work they do
and they so tolerate it you know they
get through the week and they wait for
the weekend there's a lot of evidence of
that bye there are a lot of studies have
shown that it's massive disengagement at
the workplace and yet I also meet people
who love what they do and that they
couldn't really imagine doing anything
else if you said to them why don't you
do something else for a change they
really wouldn't know what you meant I'd
say but this isn't you know what I do
it's it's Who I am and they they could
be veterinarians pathologists they could
be dancers musicians there could be
teachers homemakers you name it if you
can think of a human activity or
occupation there'll be people who love
it and live for it and others who
couldn't bear it so I was just always
intrigued by the difference between
these two ways of being and the
difference it makes I think it has
really considerable implications it has
implications that are social in
character you know if we have
communities were large tranches of the
population are simply detached
disengaged uninterested of course it has
big consequences if people have
disengaged at work it has large
consequences now I'm not suggesting for
a minute that if everybody finds their
element it will solve every social
problem we face but I'm certainly saying
it would help and my long-term
conviction has always been that we all
have deep talents and the potential for
engagement and we should explore it I
have fallen into using the phrase the
other climate crisis and I think I think
it has a residence I what I mean by it
is that we we've become used to the fact
now at least I hope we have that there's
a crisis in the world's natural
resources but I also think there is a
crisis in our human resources and how we
use them and and one of the themes of
the book is to make an analogy between
the natural world and and the way our
lives operating we tend to think that we
you know we persuade ourselves because
we're live in cities like New York or LA
or
ever that were somehow independent of
nature and of course we're not we're
organic creatures we live and we die and
we were subject to the own seasons the
seasons of our own lives and just like
the earth it seems to me human resources
are often very deep beneath the surface
you can spend your whole life completely
oblivious to some talent you may have
because the opportunity never showed up
for you to discover it or to develop it
so that's the broad aim of the book is
to dig down more deeply into what it
means to be in your element but also the
book is really focused on providing some
practical support help and exercises
then if that's a journey that you're
interested in taking for yourself or for
people you know and love your children
or people you work with then I hope you
all stay with us here on on big think
mentor